Check out the Database Navigator.  Find out about attributes, block types, block hiearchy, net lists, etc.
Need different File Extensions : Look in default.set and change where needed.
Hot Tip ! To Select All : Clear Select - than Reverse Select.
Dockable Tool Bars allow the customization of the User Interface.
Toolbar environment and placement will be automatically saved. Next session will bring back your last toolbar environment.
You can dowload the latest version of CAMCAD on the Internet at http://www.rsi-inc.com!
Right click for a context sensitive Popup menu (SHIFT-F10 for Windows 3.x users).
Windows 3.1 does not support "right mouse click" for context sensitive menus. Try it on Windows 95 or NT - you will like it.
Let us know your needs. We are continously updating CAMCAD - our e-mail camcad@rsi-inc.com
Need to view / print / translate IPC350 / IPC356 data? Check CAMCAD options.
Our EXCELLON reader does step and repeat, and macro files.
To report errors - call 714-721-1017 or email camcad@rsi-inc.com.
Did you register your products with us? We will keep you informed about new stuff.
New Multiline Text allows you to CUT and PASTE portions or complete Text files into CAMCAD.
What's New will tell you the latest about your current Version of CAMCAD.
CAMCAD wins the prestigous "EDA Innovation 1995" award for the most outstanding EDA product.
Clipboard copy allows you to copy drawings from CAMCAD to other true Windows Applications. (Word, Paint...)
Need to view / print / translate EXCELLON data? Check our CAMCAD options.
Our new BMP file writer allows to select Color depth and compressions.
Allegro Intermediate Plot file reader option allows to quickly view, plot and translate Allegro Plot files.
Our GENCAD File and Panel reader option can be field upgrated - just give us a call for more info. 1-800 766 1230 PST.
New IPC350 writer option - you can upgrate your CAMCAD over the phone.
CEDIT, CAMCAD's built in editor, now includes mulitlevel UNDO / REDO.
Check out the PAN to TEXT function. Instant Search and Display of Text in Drawings.
Reverse Mark - advanced feature to do faster selections.
